feat(docs): Leave Policy Assignment (#136)
frappe/erpnext_documentation: erpnext_documentation/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/hr-settings.md

### 1.4 Expense Approver Mandatory In Expense Claim
In Expense Claim Document the 'Expense Approver' field is set to mandatory on checking this option.

> > Payroll Settings will be part of HR Settings till version 12. In version 13, Payroll Settings will be part of our new Module Payroll.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Payroll Settings will be part of HR Settings till version 12. In version 13, Payroll Settings will be part of the new module, Payroll.
```

### 3.6 Restrict Backdated Leave Application
If checked, the system will not allow making a backdated leave application.

> Introduced in version 13

### 3.7 Automatic Allocate Leaves Based On Leave Policy

> If checked, The leave will be granted to employee automatically on Effective From Date as per present Leave Policy Assignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If checked, leaves will be granted to the employees automatically based on the Effective From date as per the present Leave Policy Assignment.
```
